.TH "PING" "8" "1 May 2012" "ping" "System Manager's Manual: ping"
.SH NAME
ping \- send ICMP or ICMP6 ECHO_REQUEST to network hosts
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBping\fR [\fB-AbBfhnqRrV\fR] [\fB-c \fIcount\fB\fR] [\fB-i \fIinterval\fB\fR] [\fB-I \fIinterface\fB\fR]
.br
[\fB-l \fIpreload\fB\fR] [\fB-s \fIpacketsize\fB\fR] [\fB-S \fIsendbuf\fB\fR] [\fB-t \fIttl\fB\fR] [\fB-w \fIdeadline\fB\fR]
.br
[\fB-W \fItimeout\fB\fR] [\fB-g \fI<source routes>\fB\fR] <\fB\fIdestination\fB\fR>

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBping\fR uses the ICMP an ICMP6 protocol's mandatory ECHO_REQUEST
datagram to elicit an ICMP ECHO_RESPONSE from a host or gateway.
ECHO_REQUEST datagrams (``pings'') have an IP and ICMP
header, followed by a struct timeval and then an arbitrary
number of ``pad'' bytes used to fill out the packet.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-A\fR
Adaptive ping. Interpacket interval adapts to round-trip time, so that
effectively not more than one (or more, if preload is set) unanswered probes
present in the network. Minimal interval is 200msec for not super-user.
On networks with low rtt this mode is essentially equivalent to flood mode.  
.TP
\fB-b\fR
Allow pinging a broadcast address.
.TP
\fB-B\fR
Do not allow \fBping\fR to change source address of probes.
The address is bound to one selected when \fBping\fR starts.
.TP
\fB-c \fIcount\fB\fR
Stop after sending \fIcount\fR ECHO_REQUEST
packets. With 
\fIdeadline\fR
option, \fBping\fR waits for
\fIcount\fR ECHO_REPLY packets, until the timeout expires.
.TP
\fB-f\fR
Flood ping. For every ECHO_REQUEST sent a period ``.'' is printed,
while for ever ECHO_REPLY received a backspace is printed.
This provides a rapid display of how many packets are being dropped.
If interval is not given, it sets interval to zero and
outputs packets as fast as they come back or one hundred times per second,
whichever is more.
Only the super-user may use this option with zero interval.
.TP
\fB-i \fIinterval\fB\fR
Wait \fIinterval\fR seconds between sending each packet.
The default is to wait for one second between each packet normally,
or not to wait in flood mode. Only super-user may set interval
to values less 0.2 seconds.
.TP
\fB-I \fIinterface address\fB\fR
Set source address to specified interface address. Argument
may be numeric IP address or name of device. When pinging IPv6
link-local address this option is required.
.TP
\fB-l \fIpreload\fB\fR
If \fIpreload\fR is specified,
\fBping\fR sends that many packets not waiting for reply.
Only the super-user may select preload more than 3.
.TP
\fB-n\fR
Numeric output only.
No attempt will be made to lookup symbolic names for host addresses.
.TP
\fB-q\fR
Quiet output.
Nothing is displayed except the summary lines at startup time and
when finished.
.TP
\fB-R\fR
Record route.
Includes the RECORD_ROUTE option in the ECHO_REQUEST
packet and displays the route buffer on returned packets.
Note that the IP header is only large enough for nine such routes.
Many hosts ignore or discard this option.
.TP
\fB-r\fR
Bypass the normal routing tables and send directly to a host on an attached
interface.
If the host is not on a directly-attached network, an error is returned.
This option can be used to ping a local host through an interface
that has no route through it provided the option \fB-I\fR is also
used.
.TP
\fB-s \fIpacketsize\fB\fR
Specifies the number of data bytes to be sent.  
The default is 56, which translates into 64 ICMP
data bytes when combined with the 8 bytes of ICMP header data.
.TP
\fB-S \fIsndbuf\fB\fR
Set socket sndbuf. If not specified, it is just selected by kernal
.TP
\fB-t \fIttl\fB\fR
Set the IP Time to Live.
.TP
\fB-V\fR
Show version and exit.
.TP
\fB-w \fIdeadline\fB\fR
Specify a timeout, in seconds, before
\fBping\fR
exits regardless of how many
packets have been sent or received. In this case
\fBping\fR
does not stop after
\fIcount\fR
packet are sent, it waits either for
\fIdeadline\fR
expire or until
\fIcount\fR
probes are answered or for some error notification from network.   
.TP
\fB-W \fItimeout\fB\fR
Time to wait for a response, in seconds. The option affects only timeout
in absense of any responses, otherwise \fBping\fR waits for two RTTs.
.SH "IPv6"
.PP
\fBping\fR will auto recogonize the family of destination adderss,
and send proper icmp request packet. but you should notice below:
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
Could not ping a IPv4-mapped IPv6 address
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
IPv6 do not support broadcast ping
.SH "SIGNALS"
.PP
When the specified number of packets have been sent (and received),
or if the program is terminated with a SIGINT, a brief summary is displayed.
Shorter current statistics can be obtained without termination of process
with signal SIGQUIT.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
.PP
ping localhost

.br
	IPv4:	ping 127.0.0.1
.br
	IPv6:	ping ::1
.br

.PP
.SH "DUPLICATE AND ERROR PACKETS"
.PP
\fBping\fR will report duplicate and damaged packets.
Duplicate packets should never occur, and seem to be caused by
inappropriate link-level retransmissions.
Duplicates may occur in many situations and are rarely (if ever) a
good sign, although the presence of low levels of duplicates may not
always be cause for alarm.
.PP
Error icmp packets will also be reported, such as net or host error.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
All or specialed count packets ping success:
.br
	normal terminalled, return 0.
.br
	error terminalled,  return 1.
.br
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
Part of packets ping success:
.br
	normal terminalled, return 2.
.br
	error terminalled,  return 3.
.br
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
None packet ping success:
.br
	normal terminalled, return 0.
.br
	error terminalled,  return 4.
.PP
None packet ping success means sent serveral packets but response none.
if not sent any packet, then it is considered as all packets ping success.
.SH "BUGS"
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
Many Hosts and Gateways ignore the RECORD_ROUTE option.
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
The maximum IP header length is too small for options like
RECORD_ROUTE to be completely useful.
There's not much that that can be done about this, however.
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
Flood pinging is not recommended in general, and flood pinging the
broadcast address should only be done under very controlled conditions.
.SH "SECURITY"
.PP
\fBping\fR requires CAP_NET_RAWIO capability
to be executed. It may be used as set-uid root.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBnetstat\fR(1),
\fBifconfig\fR(8).
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
this \fBping\fR tool is written by guofeng1208@163.com

